docs(main): update concept doc (#3870)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/concept/builder.mdx

# Builder

**Modern.js's build capability is provided by [Modern.js Builder](https://modernjs.dev/builder).**

Modern.js Builder is one of the core components of the Modern.js system. It is a build engine for web development scenarios that can be used independently of Modern.js. Modern.js Builder supports multiple packaging tools such as webpack and Rspack, and by default uses the most mature webpack for packaging.

## Build Architecture

From a building perspective, Modern.js is divided into three layers, from top to bottom:

- Upper-level development framework: Modern.js.
- Common build engine: Modern.js Builder.
- Lower-level packaging tool: webpack and Rspack.

<img src="https://lf3-static.bytednsdoc.com/obj/eden-cn/zq-uylkvT/ljhwZthlaukjlkulzlp/builder-layers-1117.png" style={{ width: '100%', maxWidth: '540px' }} />

## Builder Documentation

> Since Modern.js Builder is a module that can be used independently, we have provided separate documentation for it, which can be found at [modernjs.dev/builder](https://modernjs.dev/builder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Modern.js Builder is a module that can be used independently, we have provided separate documentation for it, which can be found at [modernjs.dev/builder](https://modernjs.dev/builder/en).
```

In this documentation, you can learn about the detailed introduction of Modern.js Builder, and you can also find complete usage guides for various building capabilities. When you have building needs or problems, it is recommended that you read the Modern.js Builder documentation first to solve them.

## Builder Configuration

Modern.js's configuration inherits from Modern.js Builder, so you can use all the build configurations provided by Modern.js Builder in Modern.js.

> Taking the `html.title` configuration item of Modern.js Builder as an example, you can directly use this configuration item in the `modern.config.ts` file, and it will be automatically passed to Modern.js Builder.

Reviewer: I find that `config option` is more commonly used by english documentation sites than `configuration item`

```suggestion
Taking the `html.title` config option of Modern.js Builder as an example, you can directly use this option in the `modern.config.ts` file, and it will be automatically passed to Modern.js Builder.
```

});
```

> For detailed information about build configuration, please refer to [「Modern.js Builder - Builder Configuration」](https://modernjs.dev/builder/guide/basic/builder-config.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about build configuration, please refer to [「Modern.js Builder - Builder Config」](https://modernjs.dev/builder/en/guide/basic/builder-config.html).
```

## Builder Capabilities

Modern.js Builder provides rich build capabilities, including JavaScript compilation, CSS compilation, static resource processing, code hot update, code compression, TS type checking, and dozens of other capabilities.

> We recommend that you read [「Modern.js Builder - Feature Navigation」](https://modernjs.dev/builder/guide/features.html) to learn about all the build capabilities provided by Modern.js Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you read [「Modern.js Builder - All Features」](https://modernjs.dev/builder/en/guide/features.html) to learn about all the features provided by Modern.js Builder.
```
